- [Instructor] A domain in SwaggerHub
provides the capability
to reuse OAS definition objects
such as schema definitions, path items,
parameters and responses across multiple API definitions.
The ability to reuse objects
across API definitions helps maintain consistency
amongst an organization's catalog
of API definition files.
It also allows them to deliver API definitions
more quickly because of the reusability we achieve.
So, let's go ahead and create a domain
for the HPlusSports organization within SwaggerHub.
To do this, we click on the plus button
on the left-hand side bar
and then go to Create New Domain.
Now within the Add New Domain dialog,
it is extremely important
that we select OAS 3.0.
From there, we can specify the name of our domain.
I'm just going to say HPlus for short.
After that, we can set our version number
which I'm going to set to version 1.0.
With this information in place,
we can click on Create Domain
and our new domain will be created
and we're navigated to the editor.
You'll notice, within the editor,
we already receive this template
for creating a domain.
Now it's set up for this Acme Components domain.
Let's tailor that for our HPlus Sports domain
and we'll adjust the description.
These are components for HPlus Sport
and then if we look further down
within this domain definition,
you'll see the important sections.
So, here we define schemas, parameters,
responses, request bodies, all of the reusable objects
that we would like to be able
to use across API definitions.
Now, for our purposes,
we are only interested in the schema section,
so I'm actually going to remove everything else
and then go ahead and Save our domain
and now within MY hub,
I'm going to navigate into our customer API
because we'd like to be able to reuse
our customer schema across multiple API definitions
within the organization.
So, I'll just go ahead and copy that
and then we can navigate back to MY hub
and into our HPlus domain.
Now if you do not see the HPlus domain,
do not be alarmed,
there may be a filter being applied on your list.
If there is, you'll see an option to clear it
right about here within the search bar.
For now, I'm just going to head back into that domain
and then we're going to replace the error model
with our customer schema.
So, there we see our customer schema
is now in place.
So, let's save our domain once again
and it's ready for use,
so let's publish it.
At this point, we have version 1.0
of the domain published
and we can now reference the customer schema
defined within our domain
inside of our customer API.
And you'll notice that our customer API
is currently read only,
so that means we need to add a new version.
This is going to be version 3.0
of the API definition
and now we can edit it,
since we have defined the customer object
within our domain,
we can go ahead and remove the entire components object
and now in the 200 response,
where we reference the customer
using the ref property,
we can select the customer within our domain.
So, just hit Control + space
and you're going to get some auto completion
where you can select the available schemas
within our domain.
And there you can see that we point
to the HPlus domain
and the customer object found within it.
If we scroll over
and look at our API operation,
you'll notice that we still have our customer schema defined
as a response for this API operation.
That definition is now just coming
from our domain instead of locally
within our API definition.
If you have a large catalog of APIs
within your organization,
I strongly encourage you
to take advantage of SwaggerHub's domain feature.